this lecture is about the future of web
search in this lecture we'll talk about
some possible future trends of web
search and imaging the informational
systems in general in order to further
improve the accuracy of search engine
it's important to consider special cases
of information need so one particular
trend could be to have more and more
specialized and customized search
engines and they can be called a
vertical search engines
these vertical search engines can be
expected to be more effective than the
current general search engines because
they could assume that the users are a
special group of users that might have a
common information need and then the
search engine can be customized with
serve such users and because of the
customization it's also possible to do
personalization so the search can be
personalized because we have a better
understanding of the users because of
the restricting the domain we also have
some advantages in handling the
documents because we can have better
understanding of documents for example
particular words may not be ambiguous in
such a domain so we can bypass the
problem of ambiguity another trend that
we can expect the see is the search
engine will be able to learn all the
time it's like a life time learning or
lifelong learning and this is of course
very attractive because that means the
search engine will self improve itself
as more people and using it search
engine will become better and better and
this is already happening because the
search engines can learn from the
invisible feedback more users use it and
the quality of the search without for
the popular queries that are typing by
many users the likely become better
so this is a another feature that we
would see the third trend might be the
integration of multi models of
information access so search navigation
and recommendation or filtering might be
combined to form a full-fledged
information management system and in the
beginning of this course we talked about
the push versus pour these are different
modes of information access but these
modes can be combined and similarly in
the pour mode querying and browsing
could also be combine them and in fact
that we're doing that basically today is
the currently search engines we are
querying sometimes browsing clicking on
links sometimes we've got some
information recommended although most of
cases information recommended is because
of advertising but in the future you can
imagine seamlessly integrate the system
with multi mode for information access
and that would be convenient for people
another trend is that we might see
systems that try to go beyond surgery to
support the user tasks or the reason why
people want to search is to solve a
problem or to make a decision or perform
a task for example consumers might
search for opinions about products in
order to purchase a product or choose a
good product to buy so in this case it
would be beneficial to support the whole
workflow of purchasing a product or
choosing a product in this area after
the count of search engines already
provided good support for example you
can sometimes look at the reviews and
then if you want to buy it and you can
just click on the button to go to the
shop inside of the dirac we'll get it
down but it does not provide a good task
of support for many other tasks for
example for researchers you might want
to find the relevant literature or cite
to the literature and then there's no
much support for finishing a task or
such as writing a paper
so in general I think there are many
opportunities to innovate and so in the
following few slides I've been talking a
little bit more about some specific
ideas or thoughts that hopefully can
help you imagine new application
possibilities some of them might be
already relevant to what you are
currently working on in general you can
think about any intelligent system
especially in an information system as
being specified by these these three
nodes and so if we connect these it's
really into a triangle then we'll be
able to specify information system and I
call this data user service triangle so
basically the three questions you ask
would be a whole are you serving and
what kind of data are you are managing
and what kind of service you provide
right there this would help us basically
specify your system and there are many
different ways to connect them depending
on how you connect them you will have a
different kind of system so they may be
some example on the top you will see
different kinds of users on the left
side you can see different types of data
information and on the bottom you can
see different service functions now
imagine we can connect all these in
different ways so for example if you can
connect everyone with webpages and the
support search and browsing what do you
get well that's web search right what if
we connect the you I use employees with
organization documents or enterprise
documents to support the search and
browse e well that enterprise search if
you connect the scientists with
literature information to provide all
kinds of service including search
browsing or alert of new revenue
documents or mining analyzing research
and or provide a task of support or
decision support for example might might
be able to provide support for
that they generating related work
section for a research paper and this
would be closer to task support right so
then we can imagine this would be a
literature assistant if we connect the
online shoppers with blog articles or
product reviews then we can help these
people to improve shopping experience so
we can provide a for example there are
mining capabilities to analyze the
reviews to compare products from the
assignment of products and to provide a
task support or decision support to help
them choose what product to buy or we
can connect the customer service people
with emails from customers and we can
imagine a system that can provide a
analysis of these emails finally the
major complaints of the customers we can
imagine the system could provide a task
support by automatically generating a
response to a customer email and maybe
in Hana generally attached also a
promotion
message if a property if get detector
that's a positive message not a
complaint and then you might take this
opportunity to attach some promotion
information whereas if it's a complaint
that you might be able to automatically
carry the some generic response first
and tell the customer that he or she can
expect a detailed response later etc all
these are trying to help people to
improve the productivity so this shows
that the opportunities are really a lot
it's just only restricted by our
imagination so this picture shows the
trend of the technology and also it
characterizes the inherited information
system in three angles you can see in
the center there is a triangle that
connects keyword queries to search and
barrel Wars replantation
that means the calendar search engine
basically provides search support users
and mostly
users based on keyword queries and it
sees that they are through a bag of
words representation so it's a very
simple approximation of the actual
information in the documents but that's
what the current system does it connects
these three nodes in such a simple way
or it only provides a basically search
function and it doesn't really
understand the user and it doesn't
really understand it that's matching
from machine documents now I show some
trends to push it you know toward a more
advanced function so think about the
user node here right so we can go beyond
a keyword queries look at the user
search history and then further model
the user completely to understand that
the users task environment tasks need a
context or other information and so this
is pushing for personalization and
completely user model and this is a
major direction in researching in order
to build alternative information systems
on the document side we can also see we
can go to young bag of words
representation to have entity relation
representation this means we'll
recognize people's names their relations
locations etc and this is already
feasible with today's metronomic
processing technique and Google's reason
the initiative on the knowledge graph if
you heard of it it's a good step toward
this direction and once we can get to
that level of replenishing in robust
manner at large scale it can enable the
search engine to provide much better
service in the future we would like to
have knowledge representation where we
can add perhaps inference rules and then
the search engine will become more
intelligent so this calls for
large-scale semantic analysis and
perhaps this is more feasible for
vertical search engines it's easier to
make progress in the particular
now the service side we see that we need
to go beyond assertive support
information access in general so search
is only one way to get access to
information as well recommended systems
and push and pour different ways to get
access to relevant information but good
beyond access we also need to help
people digest that information once the
information is found and the step has
reduced analysis of information or data
mining we have to find the patterns or
convert the text information into real
knowledge that can be used in
application more actionable knowledge
that can be used for decision-making and
furthermore the knowledge will be used
to help a user to improve productivity
in finishing a task for example a
decision-making task so this is a drain
and so basically in this time machine we
anticipate in the future intelligent
information systems we provide
intelligent and interactive tasks port
now I should also emphasize interactive
here because it's important that
optimise the combined the intelligence
of the users and the system so we can
get some help from users in some natural
way and we don't have to assume the
system has to do everything when the
human user and the machine can
collaborate in enhancing way in
efficient way then the combined the
intelligence will be high and in general
we can minimize the users overall effort
in solving a problem so this is the big
picture of future intelligent infinity
systems and this hopefully can provide
us some insights about how to make
further innovations on top of what we
can do today